adding documentations for wfc.exe (#20920)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/wfc-exe-workflow-compiler-tool.md

The wfc.exe workflow command-line compiler tool works with old workflow markup files that have the file extension *.xoml* (obsoleted).

## Compilation process

When workflows are compiled, the following procedures are performed as part of the compilation process:

- Validation is performed to ensure that the workflow activities validate based on the rules that the activities have set for themselves. If there are validation errors, the compiler returns a list of the errors.  
- A partial class is generated from the markup definition that is input into the compiler.  

- Code is generated to help with the run-time execution of the activities. Event subscriptions are generated, which help activities know when the activities they contain are finished executing.  
- The partial classes generated from the markup file and the partial classes from the code file are entered into the .NET Framework C# or Visual Basic compiler. The output of this process is the .NET assembly, WorkflowSample.dll. This can be deployed to run the workflow.

### Compiler options

This section shows the options for the wfc.exe workflow command-line compiler.

>     Microsoft (R) Windows Workflow Compiler version 3.0.0.0

Reviewer: This lint error will need to be fixed. I suggest code fencing the entire output section and removing the indentation.

\```output
    Microsoft (R) Windows Workflow Compiler version 3.0.0.0
    ...
\```

Author: fix in next commit

---
title: "Wfc.exe (Workflow Command-line Compiler Tool)"
description: Understand wfc.exe, the Workflow command line compiler tool. Use the tool to generate code and mapping for the LINQ to SQL component of .NET.
ms.date: "10/10/2020"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "wfc [Workflow]"
  - "compiler tool"
  - "wfc.exe"
  - "Workflow, compilation"
  - "Workflow, XOML files"
  - "Workflow, wcf"
---
# wfc.exe (Workflow Command-line Compiler Tool)
> [!NOTE]

> >  [!INCLUDE[DeprecatedContent](~/includes/deprecatedcontent-md.md)]  

Reviewer: It looks like this include file doesn't exist in this repo.
```suggestion
> [!INCLUDE[DeprecatedContent](~/includes/deprecatedcontent-md.md)]  
```

The wfc.exe workflow command-line compiler tool works with old workflow markup files that have the file extension *.xoml* (obsoleted).

## Compilation process

When workflows are compiled, the following procedures are performed as part of the compilation process:

- Validation is performed to ensure that the workflow activities validate based on the rules that the activities have set for themselves. If there are validation errors, the compiler returns a list of the errors.  
      
  - A partial class is generated from the markup definition that is input into the compiler.  
      
  - Code is generated to help with the run-time execution of the activities. Event subscriptions are generated, which help activities know when the activities they contain are finished executing.  
      
  - The partial classes generated from the markup file and the partial classes from the code file are entered into the .NET Framework C\# or Visual Basic compiler. The output of this process is the .NET assembly, WorkflowSample.dll. This can be deployed to run the workflow.  
      

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    Copyright (C) Microsoft Corporation 2005. All rights reserved.
    
                      Windows Workflow Compiler Options
    
    wfc.exe <Xoml file list> /target:assembly [<vb/cs file list>] [/language:...] 
            [/out:...] [/reference:...] [/library:...] [/debug...] [/nocode...] 
             [/checktypes...] [/resource:<resource info>]
    
                            - OUTPUT FILE -
    /out:<file>             Output file name
    /target:assembly        Build a Windows Workflow assembly (default).
                            Short form: /t:assembly
    /target:exe             Build a Windows Workflow application.
                            Short form: /t:exe
    /delaysign[+|-]         Delay-sign the assembly using only the public portion
                            of the strong name key.
    /keyfile:<file>         Specifies a strong name key file.
    /keycontainer:<string>  Specifies a strong name key container.
    
                            - INPUT FILES -
    <Xoml file list>        Xoml source file name(s).
    <vb/cs file list>       Code-beside file name(s).
    /reference:<file list>  Reference metadata from the specified assembly file(s).

>                             Short form is `/r:`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            Short form is '/r:'.
```

Since this is just output from the compiler, I'm reverting my suggestion here. But, can you put the whole block in triple backticks?

```output

```

---
title: "Wfc.exe (Workflow Command-line Compiler Tool)"
description: Understand wfc.exe, the Workflow command line compiler tool. Use the tool to generate code and mapping for the LINQ to SQL component of .NET.
ms.date: "10/10/2020"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "wfc [Workflow]"
  - "compiler tool"
  - "wfc.exe"
  - "Workflow, compilation"
  - "Workflow, XOML files"
  - "Workflow, wcf"

> ms.assetid: 7d2bf3a5-6624-4a8e-b546-321d36b757d4

Reviewer: The ms.assetid isn't needed. You can delete it.
```suggestion
```

---
# wfc.exe (Workflow Command-line Compiler Tool)
> [!NOTE]
>  [!INCLUDE[DeprecatedContent](~/includes/deprecatedcontent-md.md)]  

> The wfc workflow command-line compiler tool works with old workflow markup file that has the file name extension .xoml (obsoleted)\\. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wfc.exe workflow command-line compiler tool works with old workflow markup files that have the file extension *.xoml* (obsoleted).
```

> ## Compilation Process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compilation process
```

When workflows are compiled, the following procedures are performed as part of the compilation process:

>   - Validation is performed to ensure that the workflow activities validate based on the rules that the activities have set for themselves. If there are validation errors, the compiler returns a list of the errors.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Validation is performed to ensure that the workflow activities validate based on the rules that the activities have set for themselves. If there are validation errors, the compiler returns a list of the errors.  
```

>       

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   - A partial class is generated from the markup definition that is input into the compiler.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A partial class is generated from the markup definition that is input into the compiler.  
```

>       

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   - Code is generated to help with the run-time execution of the activities. Event subscriptions are generated, which help activities know when the activities they contain are finished executing.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Code is generated to help with the run-time execution of the activities. Event subscriptions are generated, which help activities know when the activities they contain are finished executing.  
```

>       

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

>   - The partial classes generated from the markup file and the partial classes from the code file are entered into the .NET Framework C\# or Visual Basic compiler. The output of this process is the .NET assembly, WorkflowSample.dll. This can be deployed to run the workflow.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The partial classes generated from the markup file and the partial classes from the code file are entered into the .NET Framework C# or Visual Basic compiler. The output of this process is the .NET assembly, WorkflowSample.dll. This can be deployed to run the workflow.  
```

>       

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ### Compiler Options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Compiler options
```

> The wfc.exe workflow command-line compiler options are documented in the following code-style topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section shows the options for the wfc.exe workflow command-line compiler.
```

>     Microsoft (R) Windows Workflow Compiler version 3.0.0.0

Reviewer: Delete lines 37-41.

Author: This part of the output when running wfc.exe /? from command line.  I am okay with deleting it, what is the reason for this suggestion?

Reviewer: I see, I didn't realize it was part of the output. In that case, you can leave it as-is.

    Copyright (C) Microsoft Corporation 2005. All rights reserved.
    
                      Windows Workflow Compiler Options
    
    wfc.exe <Xoml file list> /target:assembly [<vb/cs file list>] [/language:...] 
            [/out:...] [/reference:...] [/library:...] [/debug...] [/nocode...] 
             [/checktypes...] [/resource:<resource info>]
    
                            - OUTPUT FILE -
    /out:<file>             Output file name
    /target:assembly        Build a Windows Workflow assembly (default).
                            Short form: /t:assembly
    /target:exe             Build a Windows Workflow application.
                            Short form: /t:exe
    /delaysign[+|-]         Delay-sign the assembly using only the public portion
                            of the strong name key.
    /keyfile:<file>         Specifies a strong name key file.
    /keycontainer:<string>  Specifies a strong name key container.
    
                            - INPUT FILES -
    <Xoml file list>        Xoml source file name(s).
    <vb/cs file list>       Code-beside file name(s).
    /reference:<file list>  Reference metadata from the specified assembly file(s).

>                             Short form is '/r:'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            Short form is `/r:`.
```

Can you replace all the ' quotes in the options tables with ` backticks?

    
                            - CODE GENERATION -
    /debug[+|-]             Emit full debugging information. The default is '+'.
    /nocode[+|-]            Disallow code-beside model.
                            The default is '-'. Short form is '/nc:'.
    /checktypes[+|-]        Check for permitted types in wfc.exe.config file.
                            The default is '-'. Short form is '/ct:'.
    
                            - LANGUAGE -
    /language:[cs|vb]       The language to use for the generated class.
                            The default is 'CS' (C#). Short form is '/l:'.
    /rootnamespace:<string> Specifies the root Namespace for all type declarations.
                            Valid only for 'VB' (Visual Basic) language.
                            Short form is '/rns:'.
    
                            - MISCELLANEOUS -
    /help                   Display this usage message. Short form is '/?'.
    /nologo                 Suppress compiler copyright message. Short form is '/n'.
    
    /nowarn                 Ignore compiler warnings. Short form is '/w'.

## Remarks
> [!NOTE]
>  [!INCLUDE[DeprecatedContent](~/includes/deprecatedcontent-md.md)]  

> Normally there is a list of authorized types defined in wfc.exe.config file. During the validation phase of workflow compilation, a workflow source document is rejected if it or the companion rules file directly references any .NET Framework types not present on a list of authorized types. The list of authorized types is an XML document where each entry indicates an `Assembly`, a `Namespace`, a `TypeName`, and an Authorized {`True`&#124;`False`} indicator. `AuthorizedType` corresponds to an entry on the list. Also note that wildcard character designations are allowed, to include or exclude complete namespaces. For example, using `Type="System.*"` includes all types in <xref:System>, including types contained in child namespaces.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of authorized types is usually defined in the *wfc.exe.config* file. During the validation phase of workflow compilation, a workflow source document is rejected if it or the companion rules file directly references any .NET Framework types not present in a list of authorized types. The list of authorized types is an XML document where each entry indicates an `Assembly`, a `Namespace`, a `TypeName`, and an Authorized {`True`&#124;`False`} indicator. `AuthorizedType` corresponds to an entry in the list. Wildcard character designations, which can be used to include or exclude complete namespaces, are allowed. For example, `Type="System.*"` includes all types in <xref:System>, including types contained in child namespaces.  
```

  
The use of a list of authorized types is controlled by the <xref:System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.WorkflowCompiler> option `'/checktypes'`.  

> ```xml  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```xml  
```

<configuration>  
  <System.Workflow.ComponentModel.WorkflowCompiler>
    <authorizedTypes>
      <targetFx version="v4.0">
        ...
        <authorizedType Assembly="System, Version=4.0.0.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=b77a5c561934e089" Namespace="System*" TypeName="*" Authorized="True"/>
        ...
      </targetFx>
    </authorizedTypes>
  </System.Workflow.ComponentModel.WorkflowCompiler>  
</configuration>  
```    

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!WARNING]
```

> > When `Type="System.*"` type is present,  it is possible to include other unintended, like  `Type="System.Configuration"`,  type for compilation. It is highly recommended to be cautious and review each.  For any type which should be restricted, be sure to set `Authorized` to `False`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When `Type="System.*"` type is present, it's possible to include other unintended types, such as `Type="System.Configuration"`, for compilation. You should be cautious and review each one. For any type that should be restricted, be sure to set `Authorized` to `False`. 
```

> ## See Also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## See also

```

> - [AuthorizedType Class](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.workflow.componentmodel.compiler.authorizedtype)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [AuthorizedType class](xref:System.Workflow.ComponentModel.Compiler.AuthorizedType)
```

> - [WorkflowCompiler](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms616321\(v=vs.90\))  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This link doesn't seem to go anywhere, so I'd just delete it.
